Bug Fixing - A list of errors encountered and improved upon throughout creating script.

1. Difficultly running glen's c# script due to files required not being provided or any note of them.
	1.1 Absolute Paths to platform tools (adb and extract) coded into the script. Script should run with no problems.

2. Running ADB command opens CMD repeatedly and doesn't close, therefore throughout testing 10 - 20 CMD windows
can be running at once.
	2.1 This is due to using "os.system" to run the cmd commands, changed to subprocess.call and fixed.

3. Initital attempts of file signature analysis is long & repetitive.  Required way to make more efficient.
	3.1 Iterating over dictionary containing {file type : sig }, cuts down code & easily updated.

4. File Signature Analysis outputs multiple file types into the incorrect folders.
	4.1 This was found to be due to reading 16 bytes and finding files if they start with the signature provided.
	4.2 Fixed by retrieving the length of each signature and dividing by 2 therefore only the required amount of
	bytes are read.  More efficient?
	4.3 Above fix creates error as white space is removed from the dictionary and therefore no matches are found.
fixed by stripping spaces in the hex output.

5. deviceInformation subprocess.CalledProcessError
	5.1 Errors when device is not connected.  As this script is ran for testing, try expect added to catch error.

6. Only gif, jpeg and png files are found with file sig analysis.  Testing required for rest.

7. Running script multiple times causes duplicate file error.
	7.1 Added a function to remove file structure preventing error & starting fresh each run.

8. Date & time prints the same value to report even though the date & time is different. 
Thinking due to variable containing date/time, maybe a way to flush

9. Print only outputs to report, doesn't output to console

10. Report only updates when script is finished running
	10.1 Changed buffer size to 1

11. Duplicate files are problem due to alot of android apps calling files the same name.
	11.1 Fixed by appending the source folder of the file onto the front of the file.
		11.1.1 New error created due to length of some names being too long.
	11.2 Append date/time to the filename is also a fix but looks horrid
	11.3 Fixed by appending original names to filesFound dictionary, and renaming based on incremental count.
		11.3.1 dupFiles stores filetype, newfilename and original file path to be able to track renamed files to their source. 
		

